README.md, before:

# Todo API

This is a RESTful API for a Todo application, created as a study project for understanding the integration of Express and Stripe.

It provides endpoints for managing users, tasks, and subscriptions.

## Features

- User Management: Create and retrieve users.
- Task Management: Create, retrieve, update, and delete tasks.
- Subscription Management: Create checkout sessions and handle Stripe webhooks.

## Endpoints

- `GET /users`: Get all users.
- `GET /users/:id`: Get a user by id.
- `POST /users`: Create a new user.
- `GET /tasks`: Get all tasks.
- `POST /tasks`: Create a new task.
- `PATCH /tasks/:id`: Update a task by id.
- `DELETE /tasks/:id`: Delete a task by id.
- `POST /checkout`: Create a checkout session.
- `POST /stripe`: Handle Stripe webhooks.

## Technologies

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/): Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js.
- [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/): Next-generation Node.js and TypeScript ORM.
- [Zod](https://github.com/colinhacks/zod): TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation library.
- [Stripe](https://stripe.com/): Online payment processing for internet businesses.
- [Swagger](https://swagger.io/): API design, building, and documentation tool.

## API Documentation

The API documentation is available at `/api-docs` endpoint. It is generated using Swagger UI.

You can access it by navigating to `http://localhost:3000/api-docs` in your browser when the server is running.

## Environment Variables

This project uses several environment variables for configuration. You can find an example in the [`.env.example`](.env.example) file. Here's what each variable is used for:

- `DATABASE_URL`: The connection string to your database.
- `APP_URL`: The base URL of your application.
- `STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY`: Your publishable key from Stripe. This is safe to expose in your client-side code.
- `STRIPE_SECRET_KEY`: Your secret key from Stripe. Keep this value secret.
- `STRIPE_ENDPOINT_SECRET`: The signing secret for webhook events. This is used to verify that events sent to your webhook endpoints come from Stripe, not a third party.
- `PRO_PLAN_PRICE_ID`: The ID of the price object for your subscription plan in Stripe.

Remember to replace the values in the `.env.example` file with your actual values and rename the file to `.env` before running the application.

## Local Development

To install dependencies:

```bash
bun install
```

This project uses [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) for local development. SQLite is a C library that provides a lightweight disk-based database that doesn’t require a separate server process and allows accessing the database using a nonstandard variant of the SQL query language.

To set up the SQLite database for local development:

```bash
bun prisma migrate dev
```

To run:

```bash
bun dev
```

This project was created using `bun init` in bun 'v1.0.33'. [Bun](https://bun.sh) is a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime.

Commit message:

Update readme with stripe configuration setup

README.md, after:

# Todo API

This is a RESTful API for a Todo application, created as a study project for understanding the integration of Express and Stripe.

It provides endpoints for managing users, tasks, and subscriptions.

## Features

- User Management: Create and retrieve users.
- Task Management: Create, retrieve, update, and delete tasks.
- Subscription Management: Create checkout sessions and handle Stripe webhooks.

## Endpoints

- `GET /users`: Get all users.
- `GET /users/:id`: Get a user by id.
- `POST /users`: Create a new user.
- `GET /tasks`: Get all tasks.
- `POST /tasks`: Create a new task.
- `PATCH /tasks/:id`: Update a task by id.
- `DELETE /tasks/:id`: Delete a task by id.
- `POST /checkout`: Create a checkout session.
- `POST /stripe`: Handle Stripe webhooks.

## Technologies

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/): Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js.
- [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/): Next-generation Node.js and TypeScript ORM.
- [Zod](https://github.com/colinhacks/zod): TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation library.
- [Stripe](https://stripe.com/): Online payment processing for internet businesses.
- [Swagger](https://swagger.io/): API design, building, and documentation tool.

## API Documentation

The API documentation is available at `/api-docs` endpoint. It is generated using Swagger UI.

You can access it by navigating to `http://localhost:3000/api-docs` in your browser when the server is running.

## Setting Up Stripe

This application uses Stripe for payment processing. To set it up:

1. Create an account on [Stripe](https://stripe.com/).
2. After logging in, navigate to the [Products](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/products) page.
3. Click on '+ Add product'.
4. Name the product 'Pro' and set the price as you see fit.
5. After creating the product, you'll be redirected to a page with details about the product. Here, you'll find the 'Price ID'. Copy this ID.
6. Paste the copied 'Price ID' as the value for `PRO_PLAN_PRICE_ID` in your `.env` file.

Remember to switch between viewing test data and real data on the Stripe dashboard. The 'Price ID' will be different in test mode and live mode.

## Environment Variables

This project uses several environment variables for configuration. You can find an example in the [`.env.example`](.env.example) file. Here's what each variable is used for:

- `DATABASE_URL`: The connection string to your database.
- `APP_URL`: The base URL of your application.
- `STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY`: Your publishable key from Stripe. This is safe to expose in your client-side code.
- `STRIPE_SECRET_KEY`: Your secret key from Stripe. Keep this value secret.
- `STRIPE_ENDPOINT_SECRET`: The signing secret for webhook events. This is used to verify that events sent to your webhook endpoints come from Stripe, not a third party.
- `PRO_PLAN_PRICE_ID`: The ID of the price object for your subscription plan in Stripe.

Remember to replace the values in the `.env.example` file with your actual values and rename the file to `.env` before running the application.

## Local Development

To install dependencies:

```bash
bun install
```

This project uses [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) for local development. SQLite is a C library that provides a lightweight disk-based database that doesn’t require a separate server process and allows accessing the database using a nonstandard variant of the SQL query language.

To set up the SQLite database for local development:

```bash
bun prisma migrate dev
```

To run:

```bash
bun dev
```

This project was created using `bun init` in bun 'v1.0.33'. [Bun](https://bun.sh) is a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime.
